table of contents: add withdrawals (#717)
prysmaticlabs/documentation: website/docs/getting-started.md

<a href='wallet/exiting-a-validator'>Exit your validator</a>

> <p>Learn how to voluntarily exit your validator from Ethereum's consensus layer Beacon Chain network.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>Learn how to voluntarily exit your validator from  Ethereum Beacon Chain.</p>
```

</div>
<div class='panel'>
<a href='wallet/withdraw-validator'>Withdraw your earnings or fully withdraw your validator</a>

> <p>Learn how to withdraw your earnings or fully withdraw your validator from Ethereum's consensus layer Beacon Chain network.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>Learn how to withdraw your validator's earnings, or entire stake, from Ethereum's Beacon Chain.</p>
```
